Week 1:
11/24/2020
Today, we got our project approved and had our first weekly meeting. During this meeting, we planned out our class
structure and implemented a basic skeleton of each of our classes to get us started. We decided that we need classes
for: airport, BFS traversal, graph, and shortest path finder. We also implemented the Makefile. For next meeting, we 
each chose parts of the project to work on, and we will be sharing our progress at our next meeting this Saturday. 
Danielle will work on implementing the Landmark Path algorithm, Sharon will work on Dijkstra's algorithm, Nadine will
work on the BFS Traversal, and Brianna will work on the Graph and Airport classes. We will be creating our own 
branches to push our progress, and merging our work during meetings.

11/28/2020
Today, we met to discuss our progress and current goals. Brianna completed the remainder of the Airport class & 
Nadine has made significant progress on the BFS traversal, she is planning on testing it next. Danielle worked on
importing the data & understanding the landmark path algorithm (she will be using the BFS traversal to implement it
once the traversal is completed). Sharon worked on the README & understanding the Dijkstra's algorithm. We also
discussed in our meeting today and decided that for the Dijkstra's algorithm, we will be finding the shortest path
between two airport locations that are passed in to algorithm's function. We have postponed our next meeting to next
Wednesday instead of Tuesday. We plan on completing Airport, Graph, BFS & partial implementations (at least) of both
the algorithms before our mid-project check-in.

Week 2:
12/2/2020
We had our third meeting yesterday & our mid-project check-in today. We decided to slightly change the 
implementation of our graph to be the same as lab_ml instead of changing the Vertex to represent the Airport class 
instead of strings as we first intended. We also decided to add a airports map or dictionary to our ShortestPathFinder 
class to hold the values for latitude and longitude to calculate distances between airports. We may later change this 
dictionary to hold an Airport object as the value rather than a pair with doubles for latitude and longitude, so that we 
can store more info about the data. Brianna will be working on adding this change, as well as now 
implementing the main method and methods for printing the results generated by the algorithms/traversal. Danielle 
completed the implementation of reading the data & initializing the airports dictionary. She also implemented creating 
the graph by inserting vertices for the airports and edges for the routes between airports, as well as setting the edge
weights based on the distance between the airports.

Week 3:
12/8/2020
Thus far, we have completed implementing BFS & Sharon is almost done with out Dijkstra algorithm implementation. It 
currently works on sample data sets, but takes a very long time to run on the full data set. We will be using our Dijkstra
algorithm to complete our implementation of the Landmark Path algorithm. We plan on completing both these items 
tomorrow. Afterwards, we will just need to polish up our code and make sure our results are printed & displayed. We 
can also change our program so that the user can input which data files are read. We have also begun to plan out our 
final presentation, and are meeting up tomorrow night to discuss how we will be distributing the parts for our 
presentation. We will likely be filming parts of a script separately and compiling them into a video as our final 
presentation. We hope to finish everything by Thursday night.

12/9/2020
We completed our code today. Danielle and Sharon worked on optimizing the Dijkstra algorithm, then Danielle
completed the landmark path algorithm implementation. She also implemented a input/output system in main that 
presents the user with different options (i.e. printing BFS, printing shortest path, printing landmark path, printing graph, 
etc) and gives the corresponding output depending on the input. We decided that this would be a neat way to display 
our results from the traversal/algorithm, and also to test different airport inputs on different algorithms at once. Brianna
created a script and powerpoint for us, that we will be finishing up by tomorrow to meet and record our final 
presentation. Nadine worked on the RESULTS document, and Sharon worked on the README. We will be going over 
all our deliverables tomorrow to make sure we haven't missed anything and to finalize everything for submission.

12/10/2020
After seeing some updates on Piazza, we decided to change the implementation of our BFS. Instead of using a BFS
and Traversal class, we simply added methods for doing both a full BFS of a graph, and partial BFS of a specific
graph component to our ShortestPathFinder class. We found that this also works much faster than our previous i
mplementation. We removed the unneeded class files and updated our Makefile accordingly, as well. We have 
finished our RESULTS, README, and finished creating our Powerpoint and script for our final presentation. We plan to 
finish recording it tonight, and Brianna will submit tomorrow after putting finishing edits on it.
